Add alerting, recording support docs in Promscale (#1083)
timescale/docs: promscale/alerting.md

# Alerting rules in Promscale
Promscale supports alerting rules. It evaluates these rules

> at regular intervals. The Promscale connector can be used as the ruler while

Reviewer: I don't understand what is meant by "ruler" in this context?

Reviewer 2: Hi @Loquacity I guess this term was borrowed from https://thanos.io/tip/components/rule.md/#rule-aka-ruler. @VineethReddy02 Please let me know if my understanding is right?

ingesting and querying the data. In Promscale, you can set the alerting rules
similar to Prometheus rules configuration and publish the alerts to alertmanager. 

## Alert manager

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Alertmanager manages alerts, including silencing, inhibition,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The alert manager manages alerts, including silencing, inhibition,
```

> aggregation and sending out notifications via methods such as email, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and aggregation. It also sends out notifications using email, 
```

on-call notification systems, and chat platforms. The labels, 

> summary and description described in alerting rules file is forwarded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary, and description described in the alerting rules file is forwarded
```

> to the alertmanager on meeting the promQL alert expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the alert manager on meeting the PromQL alert expression.
```

> Setting up alerting and notifications are:
> 
> 1. Setup and configure the Alertmanager
> 2. Configure Promscale to talk to the Alertmanager
> 3. Create alerting rules in Promscale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up alerting and notifications, you need to:

1. Setup and configure the alert manager
1. Configure Promscale to talk to the alert manager
1. Create alerting rules in Promscale
```

> For more details on alertmanager, follow this [docs](am-docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details about the `alertmanager` tool, see the [alert manager documentation](am-docs).
```

<procedure>

## Set alerting rules

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Promscale alerting rules are built on top of Prometheus
alerting rules capabilities. Alerting rules are written in a `YAML` file
and specified in the Promscale configuration
file. Promscale evaluates these conditional rules.

> * `alerting rules` are used to trigger alerts when there is a violation of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The alerting rules are used to trigger alerts when there is a violation of
```

pre-defined conditions. External services such as Slack or email can receive
these alerts. 

### Setting alerting rules
1.  Create a `YAML` file that contains the configuration for each alert
    similar to:
    ```yaml
     groups:
     - name: <alert-group-name>
       rules:
       - alert: <alert-name>
         expr: <promql_expression>
         for: <time-interval for how long this to happen to happen to fire an alert>
         labels:
           <key>:<value>
         annotations:
         summary: <text>
         description: <description on alert>
    ```
1.  Load the rules `YAML` file to Promscale by specifying this file in
    Prometheus configuration format along with `global evaluation interval` 
    , `rules files`, and `alerting` configuration:
    ```yaml
     global:
       evaluation_interval: 10s

    rule_files:
      - "<alert-rules-file>"
    
    #AlertManager client configuration to publish alerts
    alerting:
      alertmanagers:
      - static_configs:
        - targets:
        - localhost:9093
    ```

> 1.  Pass this configuration file to Promscale using the `-metrics.rules.config`
>     flag at start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Pass this configuration file to Promscale when you start the service, 
     using the `-metrics.rules.config` flag.
```

    
</procedure>

> For information about alerting, see [Prometheus alerting][prometheus-alerting].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about alerting, see [Prometheus alerting][prometheus-alerting].
```
